1. "The night is darkest just before the dawn. And I promise you, the dawn is coming." - Harvey Dent, The Dark Knight 

2. "I believe what doesn't kill you simply makes you, stranger." - The Joker, The Dark Knight 

3. “Your anger gives you great power. But if you let it, it will destroy you...As it almost did me.” - Henri Ducard, Batman Begins

4. "You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain." - Harvey Dent, The Dark Knight 

5. "If you're good at something, never do it for free." - The Joker, The Dark Knight 

6. "Have you ever danced with the Devil in the pale moonlight?" - The Joker, Batman 

7. "If you make yourself more than just a man, if you devote yourself to an ideal, and if they can’t stop you, then you become something else entirely… Legend, Mr. Wayne." - Henri Ducard, Batman Begins

8. "The world only makes sense if you force it to." - Bruce Wayne/Batman, The Dark Knight Returns 

9. "Some men just want to watch the world burn." - Alfred Pennyworth, The Dark Knight 

10. "Criminals, by nature, are a cowardly and superstitious lot." - Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman: Hush 

11. "I am vengeance. I am the night. I am Batman." -Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman: The Animated Series 

12. "Sometimes the truth isn’t good enough, sometimes people deserve more. Sometimes people deserve to have their faith rewarded." - Bruce Wayne/Batman, The Dark Knight 

13. “All it takes is one bad day to reduce the sanest man alive to lunacy. That's how far the world is from where I am. Just one bad day.” - The Joker, The Killing Joke 

14. "As a man; I am flesh and blood; I can be ignored, I can be destroyed. But as a symbol, I can be incorruptible. I can be everlasting." - Bruce Wayne, Batman Begins 

15. "Life's a bitch. So am I." - Selina Kyle/Catwoman, Batman Returns 

16. “The training is nothing! The will is everything! The will to act.” - Henri Ducard, Batman Begins 

17. "Madness, as you know, is a lot like gravity. All it takes is a little push." - The Joker, The Dark Knight 

18. "We all wear masks." -Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman Forever 

19. "Do you wanna know how I got these scars?" - The Joker, The Dark Knight 

20. "Maybe that's what Batman is about. Not winning, but failing, and getting back up. Knowing he'll fail, fail a thousand times, but still won't give up." - Bruce Wayne/Batman, Zero Year 

21. "No miracles. No mercy. No redemption. No heaven. No hell. No Higher Power. Just life, just...us." - Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman: Absolution 

22. "The pen is truly mightier than the sword!" - The Joker, Batman

23. "A hero can be anyone. Even a man doing something as simple and reassuring as putting a coat around a little boy’s shoulders to let him know that the world hadn’t ended." - Bruce Wayne/Batman, The Dark Knight Rises 

24. “Madness is the emergency exit. You can just step outside, and close the door on all those dreadful things that happened. You can lock them away…forever." - The Joker, The Killing Joke 

25. "All you care about is money. This city deserves a better class of criminal. And I'm gonna give it to them!" - The Joker, The Dark Knight 

26. "All men have limits. They learn what they are and learn not to exceed them. I ignore mine." - Bruce Wayne/Batman, Knightfall 

27. "I've been the luckiest man in the world because I've had friends, and to have the right friends is everything: people you can depend on, people who tell you the truth if you ask something." - Stan Lee

28. “If you are interested in what you do, that keeps you going.” - Stan Lee

29. "I have always included minority characters in my stories, often as heroes. We live in a diverse society—in fact, a diverse world, and we must learn to live in peace and with respect for each other." - Stan Lee

30. "If I'm half as good as everybody said I am, I'm far too good to be wasting time with ordinary people. But I seem to be spending my life with ordinary people, who are the best people in the world." - Stan Lee

31. "I used to be embarrassed because I was just a comic book writer while other people were building bridges or going on to medical careers. And then I began to realize: Entertainment is one of the most important things in people's lives. Without it, they might go off the deep end." - Stan Lee

32. "All I thought about when I wrote my stories was, 'I hope that these comic books would sell so I can keep my job and continue to pay the rent.' Never in a million years could I have imagined that it would turn into what it has evolved into nowadays." - Stan Lee

33. "I don't have inspiration. I only have ideas. Ideas and deadlines." - Stan Lee

34. “The only advice anybody can give is if you want to be a writer, keep writing. And read all you can, read everything.” - Stan Lee

35. “The world has always been a comic book world to me.” - Stan Lee

36. "For men must never feel a cause is hopeless–men must never feel an enemy cannot be beaten!” - Stan Lee

37. “Let's lay it right on the line. Bigotry and racism are among the deadliest social ills plaguing the world today. But, unlike a team of costumed super-villains, they can’t be halted with a punch in the snoot, or a zap from a ray gun. The only way to destroy them is to expose them—to reveal them for the insidious evils they really are.” - Stan Lee

38. "The pleasure of reading a story and wondering what will come next for the hero is a pleasure that has lasted for centuries and, I think, will always be with us." - Stan Lee

39. "America is made of different races and different religions, but we're all co-travelers on the spaceship Earth and must respect and help each other along the way." - Stan Lee

40. "Just because you have superpowers, that doesn't mean your love life would be perfect. I don't think superpowers automatically means there won't be any personality problems, family problems or even money problems. I just tried to write characters who are human beings who also have superpowers." - Stan Lee

41. “I see myself in everything I write. All the good guys are me.” - Stan Lee

42. “I never thought that Spider-Man would become the worldwide icon that he is. I just hoped the books would sell and I’d keep my job.” - Stan Lee

43. "Comic books to me are fairy tales for grown-ups." - Stan Lee

44. "Nevermore shall men make slaves of others! Not in Asgard--not on Earth–not any place where the hammer of Thor can be swung–or where men of good faith hold freedom dear!” - Stan Lee

45. "Another definition of a hero is someone who is concerned about other people’s well-being and will go out of his or her way to help them–even if there is no chance of a reward. That person who helps others simply because it should or must be done, and because it is the right thing to do, is indeed without a doubt, a real superhero.” - Stan Lee

46. "In the beginning Marvel created the Bullpen and the Style. And the Bullpen was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the Artists. And the Spirit of Marvel said, Let there be The Fantastic Four. And there was The Fantastic Four. And Marvel saw The Fantastic Four. And it was good." - Stan Lee

47. "I think people have always loved things that are bigger than life, things that are imaginative." - Stan Lee

48. "Some people will say, 'Why read a comic book? It stifles the imagination. If you read a novel you imagine what people are like. If you read a comic, it's showing you.' The only answer I can give is, 'You can read a Shakespeare play, but does that mean you wouldn't want to see it on the stage?'"  - Stan Lee

49. “I wanted them to be diverse. The whole underlying principle of the X-Men was to try to be an anti-bigotry story to show there’s good in every person.” - Stan Lee

50. "If you're writing about a character, if he's a powerful character, unless you give him vulnerability I don't think he'll be as interesting to the reader." - Stan Lee

51. "There must always be those with the fire of rebellion in their blood! There must always be those who will dare to fight an unbeatable enemy! Only thus can the race of man remain strong and fearless!” - Stan Lee

52. “To my way of thinking, whether it’s a superhero movie or a romance or a comedy or whatever, the most important thing is you’ve got to care about the characters. You’ve got to understand the characters and you’ve got to be interested. If the characters are interesting, you’re half-way home.“ - Stan Lee

53. "'Good' and 'Bad' may be alien concepts to him, Ben.” - Stan Lee

54. "I suppose I have come to realize that entertainment is not easily dismissed. Beyond the meaning (of a work of art), it is important to people. Without it, lives can be dull." - Stan Lee

55. "Wherever we find news, excitement, mystery and adventure, there, too, we find the newspaper reporter. Always on the alert for something new, ready to risk his very life for a scoop and finding adventure in every corner of the globe." - Stan Lee

56. "When you can sit down with a plain sheet of paper in front of you and make some notes, and, little by little, you see it take shape and become a concept for a movie or a TV show. That's a real thrill. You watch it go from notes on a paper to a meeting with writers and directors and actors. I can't think of anything that's more exciting." - Stan Lee

57. “I said, 'Juvenile delinquents eat chocolate cake, so chocolate cake must cause juvenile delinquency,' but nobody listened to me. I wasn’t on TV.” - Stan Lee

58. "I had a publisher who felt comics were just for little kiddies, so he never wanted me to use words of more than two syllables." - Stan Lee

59. "What did Doctor Doom really want? He wanted to rule the world. Now, think about this. You could walk across the street against a traffic light and get a summons for jaywalking, but you could walk up to a police officer and say 'I want to rule the world,' and there's nothing he can do about it, that is not a crime. Anybody can want to rule the world. So, even though he was the Fantastic Four's greatest menace, in my mind, he was never a criminal!" - Stan Lee

60. "While no one is expected to leap tall buildings in a single bound, our aspiring heroes will be tested on their courage, integrity, self-sacrifice, compassion and resourcefulness–the stuff of all true superheroes." - Stan Lee

61. "If Shakespeare and Michelangelo were alive today, and if they decided to collaborate on a comic, Shakespeare would write the script and Michelangelo would draw it. How could anybody say that this wouldn't be as worthwhile an artform as anything on earth?" - Stan Lee

62. "Technology isn't a villain. Technology should help, but if you just use the technology for the sake of technology, then you're cheating your audience. You're not giving them the best story and the best direction and so forth." - Stan Lee

63. "Achilles, without his heel, you wouldn't even know his name today." - Stan Lee

64. "The cliché I tried to avoid was I hated "teenage sidekicks." I always figured if I were a superhero, there's no way on God's earth that I'm gonna pal around with some teenager. So my publisher insisted I have a teenager in the series, because they always felt teenagers won't read the books unless there's a teenager in the story; which is nonsense." - Stan Lee

65. “I don’t analyze things too closely. I find the more you analyze, the more you get away from spontaneity.” - Stan Lee

66. "Your humans slaughter each other because of the color of your skin, or your faith or your politics–or for no reason at all–too many of you hate as easily as you draw breath." (said by Magneto in The Uncanny X-Men) - Stan Lee

67. "My theory about why people like superheroes is that when we were kids, we all loved to read fairy tales. Fairy tales are all about things bigger than life: giants, witches, trolls, dinosaurs and dragons and all sorts of imaginative things. Then you get a little bit older and you stop reading fairy tales, but you don't ever outgrow your love of them." - Stan Lee

68. "There is a difference between you and me; we both looked into the abyss, but when it looked back at us, you blinked" - Batman

69. "I had a bad day too, once" -Batman

70. "I didn't count on being happy..." - Batman

71. "Men are still good. We fight, we kill, we betray one another. But we can rebuild. We can do better. We will...we have to" - Batman

72. "Then what shall we die for?" - Elizabeth Swann

73. "The world's the same size. There's just...less in it" - Captain Jack Sparrow

74. "Dying's the day worth living for" - Hector Barbossa

75. "Every decision you've ever made ends with death and misery. People die. I stop you. You'll just break out and do it again...You wanna know something funny? Even after everything you've done, I would've saved you" - Batman

76. "My mind isn't a nice place to be" - Batman

77. I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.” ― Douglas Adams, The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul

78. “I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by.” ― Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt

79. “The story so far: In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.” ― Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe

80. “I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer” ― Douglas Adams

81. “For instance, on the planet Earth, man had always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much—the wheel, New York, wars and so on—whilst all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man—for precisely the same reasons.” ― Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

82. “There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened.” ― Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe

83. “The fact that we live at the bottom of a deep gravity well, on the surface of a gas covered planet going around a nuclear fireball 90 million miles away and think this to be normal is obviously some indication of how skewed our perspective tends to be.” ― Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt: Hitchhiking the Galaxy One Last Time

84. “The Guide says there is an art to flying", said Ford, "or rather a knack. The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.” ― Douglas Adams, Life, the Universe and Everything

85. “Don't Panic.” ― Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

86. “Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.” ― Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

87. “A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.” ― Douglas Adams, Mostly Harmless

88. “A learning experience is one of those things that says, 'You know that thing you just did? Don't do that.” ― Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt

89. “Would it save you a lot of time if I just gave up and went mad now?” ― Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

90. “Let's think the unthinkable, let's do the undoable. Let us prepare to grapple with the ineffable itself, and see if we may not eff it after all.” ― Douglas Adams, Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency

91. “Isn't it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe that there are fairies at the bottom of it too?” ― Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

92. “The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks don't.” ― Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

93. “The major problem—one of the major problems, for there are several—one of the many major problems with governing people is that of whom you get to do it; or rather of who manages to get people to let them do it to them. To summarize: it is a well-known fact that those people who must want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it. To summarize the summary: anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.” ― Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe

94. “Nothing travels faster than the speed of light, with the possible exception of bad news, which obeys its own special laws.” ― Douglas Adams, Mostly Harmless

95. “He felt that his whole life was some kind of dream and he sometimes wondered whose it was and whether they were enjoying it.” ― Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

96. “I'd far rather be happy than right any day.” ― Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

97. “Space is big. You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is. I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the chemist's, but that's just peanuts to space.” ― Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

98. “If there's anything more important than my ego around, I want it caught and shot now.” ― Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

99. “You know," said Arthur, "it's at times like this, when I'm trapped in a Vogon airlock with a man from Betelgeuse, and about to die of asphyxiation in deep space that I really wish I'd listened to what my mother told me when I was young." "Why, what did she tell you?" "I don't know, I didn't listen.” ― Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

100. “For a moment, nothing happened. Then, after a second or so, nothing continued to happen.” ― Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

101. “I've come up with a set of rules that describe our reactions to technologies: 1. Anything that is in the world when you’re born is normal and ordinary and is just a natural part of the way the world works. 2. Anything that's invented between when you’re fifteen and thirty-five is new and exciting and revolutionary and you can probably get a career in it. 3. Anything invented after you're thirty-five is against the natural order of things.” ― Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt

102. “You live and learn. At any rate, you live.” ― Douglas Adams, Mostly Harmless

103. “This must be Thursday,' said Arthur to himself, sinking low over his beer. 'I never could get the hang of Thursdays.” ― Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

104. “It is known that there are an infinite number of worlds, simply because there is an infinite amount of space for them to be in. However, not every one of them is inhabited. Therefore, there must be a finite number of inhabited worlds. Any finite number divided by infinity is as near to nothing as makes no odds, so the average population of all the planets in the Universe can be said to be zero. From this it follows that the population of the whole Universe is also zero, and that any people you may meet from time to time are merely the products of a deranged imagination.” ― Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe

105. “I'd take the awe of understanding over the awe of ignorance any day.” ― Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt

106. "He was a dreamer, a thinker, a speculative philosopher...or, as his wife would have it, an idiot." - Douglas Adams

107. "Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so." - Douglas Adams

108. "A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools." - Douglas Adams

109. "It is a well-known fact that those people who must want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it... anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job." - Douglas Adams

110. "The single raindrop never feels responsible for the flood." - Douglas Adams

111. "2,000 years ago one man got nailed to a tree for saying how great it would be if everyone was nice to each other for a change." - Douglas Adams

112. "To give real service you must add something which cannot be bought or measured with money, and that is sincerity and integrity." - Douglas Adams

113. "All opinions are not equal. Some are a very great deal more robust, sophisticated and well supported in logic and argument than others." - Douglas Adams

114. "If it looks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, we have at least to consider the possibility that we have a small aquatic bird of the family anatidae on our hands." - Douglas Adams

115. “He attacked everything in life with a mix of extraordinary genius and naive incompetence, and it was often difficult to tell which was which." - Douglas Adams

116. "God is no longer an explanation of anything, but has instead become something that would itself need an insurmountable amount of explaining." - Douglas Adams

117. "We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works." - Douglas Adams

118. "Sir,' I said to the universe, 'I exist.' 'That,' said the universe, 'creates no sense of obligation in me whatsoever." - Douglas Adams

119. "'I refuse to prove that I exist' says God, 'for proof denies faith, and without faith, I am nothing.' 'Oh,' says man, 'but the Babel Fish is a dead give-away, isn't it? It proves You exist, and so therefore You don't. Q.E.D.' 'Oh, I hadn't thought of that,' says God, who promptly vanishes in a puff of logic." - Douglas Adams

120. "The major difference between a thing that might go wrong and a thing that cannot possibly go wrong is that when a thing that cannot possibly go wrong goes wrong it usually turns out to be impossible to get at and repair." - Douglas Adams

121. "It can be very dangerous to see things from somebody else's point of view without the proper training." - Douglas Adams

122. "There are some people you like immediately, some whom you think you might learn to like in the fullness of time, and some that you simply want to push away from you with a sharp stick." - Douglas Adams

123. "If you try and take a cat apart to see how it works, the first thing you have on your hands is a nonworking cat." - Douglas Adams

124. "So long, and thanks for all the fish." - Douglas Adams

125. "Any man who can hitch the length and breadth of the galaxy, rough it, slum it, struggle against terrible odds, win through, and still know where his towel is is clearly a man to be reckoned with." - Douglas Adams

126. "I am rarely happier than when spending entire day programming my computer to perform automatically a task that it would otherwise take me a good ten seconds to do by hand." - Douglas Adams

127. "I don't go to mythical places with strange men." - Douglas Adams

128. "I find the whole business of religion profoundly interesting. But it does mystify me that otherwise intelligent people take it seriously." - Douglas Adams

129. "The difference between us and a computer is that, the computer is blindingly stupid, but it is capable of being stupid many, many million times a second." - Douglas Adams

130. "I only know as much about myself as my mind can work out under its current conditions. And its current conditions are not good." - Douglas Adams

131. "If we see you smoking we will assume you are on fire and take appropriate action." - Douglas Adams

132. "It can hardly be a coincidence that no language on earth has ever produced the expression, 'As pretty as an airport." - Douglas Adams

133. "Beethoven tells you what it's like to be Beethoven and Mozart tells you what it's like to be human. Bach tells you what it's like to be the universe." - Douglas Adams

134. "The light works," he said, indicating the window, "the gravity works," he said, dropping a pencil on the floor. "Anything else we have to take our chances with." - Douglas Adams

135. "How do you know you're having fun if there's no one watching you have it?" - Douglas Adams

136. "If they don’t keep exercising their lips, he thought, their brains start working." - Douglas Adams

137. "In the old days, writers used to sit in front of a typewriter and stare out of the window. Nowadays, because of the marvels of convergent technology, the thing you type on and the window you stare out of are now the same thing." - Douglas Adams
 
138. "It {Darwin's theory of evolution] was a concept of such stunning simplicity, but it gave rise, naturally, to all of the infinite and baffling complexity of life. The awe it inspired in me made the awe that people talk about in respect of religious experience seem, frankly, silly beside it. I'd take the awe of understanding over the awe of ignorance any day." - Douglas Adams

139. "It is folly to say you know what is happening to other people. Only they know, if they exist. They have their own Universes of their own eyes and ears." - Douglas Adams

140. "There is no problem so complicated that you can't find a very simple answer to it if you look at it right." - Douglas Adams

141. "We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!" - Douglas Adams

142. "Imagine a puddle waking up one morning and thinking, " This is an interesting world I find myself in, an interesting hole I find myself in; fits me rather neatly, doesn't it? In fact it fits me staggeringly well! It must have been made to have me in it!" - Douglas Adams
  
143. "The Guide is definitive. Reality is frequently inaccurate." - Douglas Adams
  
144. "The idea that Bill Gates (one of the founders of Microsoft) has appeared like a knight in shining armour to lead all customers out of a mire of technological chaos neatly ignores the fact that it was he, by peddling second rate technology, led them into it in the first place..." - Douglas Adams

145. "The History of every major Galactic Civilization tends to pass through three distinct and recognizable phases, those of Survival, Inquiry and Sophistication, otherwise known as the How, Why, and Where phases. For instance, the first phase is characterized by the question 'How can we eat?' the second by the question 'Why do we eat?' and the third by the question 'Where shall we have lunch?" - Douglas Adams
 
146. "The impossible often has a kind of integrity which the merely improbable lacks." - Douglas Adams

147. "The complexities of cause and effect defy analysis." - Douglas Adams
  
148. "A computer terminal is not some clunky old television with a typewriter in front of it. It is an interface where the mind and body can connect with the universe and move bits of it about."- Douglas Adams

149. "Alone of all the races on earth, they seem to be free from the 'Grass is Greener on the other side of the fence' syndrome, and roundly proclaim that Australia is, in fact, the other side of that fence." - Douglas Adams

150. "All through my life I've had this strange unaccountable feeling that something was going on in the world, something big, even sinister, and no one would tell me what it was." "No," said the old man, "that's just perfectly normal paranoia. Everyone in the Universe has that." - Douglas Adams
 
151. "Anything that happens, happens. Anything that, in happening, causes something else to happen, causes something else to happen. Anything that, in happening, causes itself to happen again, happens again. It doesn’t necessarily do it in chronological order, though." - Douglas Adams

152. “It is a far, far better thing that I do, than I have ever done; it is a far, far better rest I go to than I have ever known.” - A Tale of Two Cities, Charles Dickens

153. “All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.” - The Fellowship of the Ring, J.R.R. Tolkein

155. “Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.” - Wuthering Heights, Emily Bronte

156. “Made weak by time and fate, but strong in will. To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.” - Ulysses, Alfred Lord Tennyson

157. "Theirs not to reason why, Theirs but to do and die." - Alfred Lord Tennyson

158. “Whenever you feel like criticizing anyone … just remember that all the people in this world haven’t had the advantages that you’ve had.” - The Great Gatsby, F. Scott Fitzgerald

159. “Real courage is when you know you’re licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.” - To Kill a Mockingbird, Harper Lee

160. “We are such stuff as dreams are made on, and our little life is rounded with a sleep.”- The Tempest, William Shakespeare

161. "And now that you don't have to be perfect, you can be good." - John Steinbeck

162. "Do I dare disturb the universe?" - T.S. Elliot

163. "Sometimes I can feel my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I'm not living." - Johnathon Safran Foer

164. "The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven." - John Milton

165. "The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread." - Anatole France

166. "Violence for violence is the rule of beasts" - Unknown

167. "To become a god is the loneliest achievement of all" - Unknown

168. "You cannot kill me in a way that matters" - Unknown

169. "I am not a god so why should I be expected to fight against entropy." - Unknown

170. "One day you'll decompose and I'll be there to watch it happen." - Unknown

171. "God may judge you but his sins outnumber your own." - Unknown

172. "The rage in your heart warms you now but it will leave you cold in your grave." - Unknown

173. "Then become the dirt I walk on" - Unknown

174. "Tonight, you spoke with the devil. The devil looked a lot like you." - Unknown

175. "Love yourself to spite the world." - Unknown

176. "Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And I you gaze long enough into an abyss the abyss will gaze back into you." - Friedrich Nietzsche

177. "Do I contradict myself? Very well, then I contradict myself, I am large, I contain multitudes." - Walt Whitman

178. "I am a monument to all your sins" - Halo

179. "I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me." - Joshua Graham

180. "If the world choses to become my enemy, I will fight like I always have." - Shadow the Hedgehog

181. "I will face God and walk backwards into hell" - Unknown

182. "Do you think God stays in heaven because he too, lives in fear of what he's created?" - Steve Buscemi in Spy Kids Two

183. "The words of the prophets are written on the subway walls" - Paul Simon

184. "The very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common. They don't alter their views to fit the facts. They alter the facts to fit their views. Which can be uncomfortable if you happen to be one of the facts that needs altering." - Unknown

185. "Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth." - Oscar Wilde

186. "All I am surrounded by is fear. And dead men." - Darth Vader

187. "I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with senses, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use." - Galileo Galilee

188. "The society that separates its scholars from its warriors will have its thinking done by cowards and its fighting by fools." - Thucydides

189. "People aren't cargo, mate" - Captain Jack Sparrow

190. "Not all treasure is silver and gold mate" - Captain Jack Sparrow

191. "All that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost; the old that is strong does not whither, deep roots are not reached by the frost. From the ashes a fire shall be woken, a light from the shadows shall spring; renewed shall be blade that was broken, the crown less again shall be king." - J.R.R. Tolkien

192. "When people shall have northing more to eat, they will eat the rich." - Jean-Jacques Rousseau

193. "I've been through hell and come out singing." - Unknown

194. "There are no gods here" - Unknown

195. "Do I look like the kind of man who dies?" - Unknown

196. "God's dead and soon we will be too" - Unknown

197. "I thought there were no heroes left in this world." - Unknown

198. "You kneel before my thrown unaware that it was built on lies" - Unknown

199. "Impudent of you to assume I will meet a mortal end" - Unknown

200. "This is hell's territory, and I am beholden to no gods" - Unknown

201. "Bury me shallow, I'll be back" - Unknown

202. "One day, you will be face to face with whatever saw fit to let you exist in the universe, and you will have to justify the space you've filled." - Unknown

203. “Mate, if you choose to lock your heart away, you'll lose it for certain." - Captain Jack Sparrow

204. "And after which betrayal did you cut out your heart, I wonder?" - Will Turner

205. “Me? I'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. Honestly. It's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... stupid.” - Captain Jack Sparrow

206. "We are mens of action, lies do not become us" - Princess Bride

207. "You seem a decent fellow, I hate to kill you" - Princess Bride

208. "Life is pain. Anyone who says differently is selling something." - Princess Bride

209. "All knowledge is based on that which we cannot prove. Will you fight? Or will you perish like a dog?" - Mickey Mouse Edit

210. "What is better - to be born good, or to overcome your evil nature through great effort?" - Skyrim

211. "Pick a god and pray" - Fire Emblem Awakening

212. "There's no light at the end of the tunnel so it's a good thing we brought matches." - Unknown

213. "People say phase like impermanence means insignificance. Show me a permanent state of the self." - Unknown

214. "How fleeting are all human passions compared with the massive continuity of ducks" - Dorothy L. Sayers, Gaudy Night

215. "Why fight when you can negotiate?" - Captain Jack Sparrow

216. "If you were waiting for the opportune moment, that was it." - Captain Jack Sparrow

217. "No cause is lost, if there is but one fool left to fight for it." - Will Turner

218. "The only rules that matter are these: what a man can do, and what a man can't do." - Captain Jack Sparrow

219. "You'll never know if you can fly unless you take the risk of falling" - Nightwing

220. "What you see in other people...it's your own reflection." - Nightwing

221. "Some people don't want to be saved. Because saving means changing. And changing is aways harder then staying the same. It takes courage to face yourself in the mirror and look beyond the reflection." - Nightwing

222. "All the stories are true" - Jace Herondale

223. "Our fates have been intertwined, Elizabeth, but never joined" - Commodore Norrington

224. “There is some good in this world, and it’s worth fighting for.” — J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers

225. “It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair.” — Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities

226. “Beware; for I am fearless, and therefore powerful.” — Mary Shelley, Frankenstein

227. “I wanted you to see what real courage is, instead of getting the idea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand. It’s when you know you’re licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what. You rarely win, but sometimes you do.” — Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird

228. "A man, after he has brushed off the dust and chips of his life, will have left only the hard, clean questions: Was it good or was it evil? Have I done well — or ill?” — John Steinbeck, East of Eden

229. “The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.” ― John Green, Looking for Alaska

230. “This above all: To thine own self be true, And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man.” — William Shakespeare, Hamlet

231. “Love is or it ain’t. Thin love ain’t love at all.” — Toni Morrison, Beloved

232. “We accept the love we think we deserve.” ― Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower

233. “And so we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.” — F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby

234. “There are years that ask questions and years that answer.” — Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God

235. “I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship.” — Louisa May Alcott, Little Women

236. “All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.” — Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina

237. “Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart.” — Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore

238. “It is nothing to die; it is dreadful not to live.” — Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

239. “Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.”  — George Orwell, Nineteen Eighty-Four

240. “Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat.” — Ralph Ellison, Invisible Man

241. “Why, sometimes, I’ve believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.” — Lewis Carroll, Through the Looking-Glass

242. “Don’t ever tell anybody anything. If you do, you start missing everybody.” — J. D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye

243. “It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.” ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone

244. “I had the epiphany that laughter was light, and light was laughter, and that this was the secret of the universe.” — Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch

245. “There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm.” — Willa Cather, The Song of the Lark

246. “When you play the game of thrones you win or you die.” — George R. R. Martin, A Game of Thrones

247. “The world breaks everyone, and afterward, many are strong at the broken places.” — Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms

248. “Very few castaways can claim to have survived so long at sea as Mr. Patel, and none in the company of an adult Bengal tiger.” — Yann Martel, Life of Pi

249. “You forget what you want to remember, and you remember what you want to forget.” — Cormac McCarthy, The Road

250. “It was a pleasure to burn.” — Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451 

251. “The past is not dead. In fact, it’s not even past.” — William Faulkner, Requiem for a Nun

252. “Memories, even your most precious ones, fade surprisingly quickly. But I don’t go along with that. The memories I value most, I don’t ever see them fading.” — Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go

253. “Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing.” — Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Grey

254. “Time is the longest distance between two places.” ― Tennessee Williams, The Glass Menagerie

255. “We dream in our waking moments, and walk in our sleep.” — Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter

256. “The place where you made your stand never mattered. Only that you were there…and still on your feet.” — Stephen King, The Stand

257. “My advice is, never do tomorrow what you can do today. Procrastination is the thief of time.” — Charles Dickens, David Copperfield

258. “So many things are possible just as long as you don’t know they’re impossible.” — Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth

259. “It doesn’t matter who you are or what you look like, so long as somebody loves you.” — Roald Dahl, The Witches

260. “Brave doesn’t mean you’re not scared. It means you go on even though you’re scared.” — Angie Thomas, The Hate U Give

261. “How easy it was to lie to strangers, to create with strangers the versions of our lives we imagined.” — Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah

262. “And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.” — Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist

263. “Life, with its rules, its obligations, and its freedoms, is like a sonnet: You’re given the form, but you have to write the sonnet yourself.” — Madeleine L’Engle, A Wrinkle in Time

264. “The answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe and everything is 42.” — Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy

265. “All the world’s a stage, and all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and their entrances; And one man in his time plays many parts.” — William Shakespeare, As You Like It

266. “Stay gold, Ponyboy, stay gold.” ― S. E. Hinton, The Outsiders

267. “Time moves slowly, but passes quickly.” — Alice Walker, The Color Purple

268. “It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.” — J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets

269. “For you, a thousand times over.” — Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner

270. “And may the odds be ever in your favor.” — Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games

271. “Ralph wept for the end of innocence, the darkness of man’s heart, and the fall through the air of the true, wise friend called Piggy.” ― William Golding, Lord of the Flies

272. “All human wisdom is summed up in these two words – ‘Wait and hope.’” — Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo

273. “The longer I live, the more uninformed I feel. Only the young have an explanation for everything.” — Isabel Allende, City of the Beasts

274. “Open your eyes and see what you can with them before they close forever.” — Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See

275. “We were the people who were not in the papers. We lived in the blank white spaces at the edges of print. It gave us more freedom. We lived in the gaps between the stories.” — Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid’s Tale

276. “The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which.” — George Orwell, Animal Farm

277. “Most men and women will grow up to love their servitude and will never dream of revolution.” — Aldous Huxley, Brave New World Revisited

278. “As he read, I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, and then all at once.” — John Green, The Fault in Our Stars

279. “Anything worth dying for is certainly worth living for.” — Joseph Heller, Catch-22

280. “Get busy living or get busy dying.” — Stephen King, Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption

281. “‘But man is not made for defeat,’ he said. ‘A man can be destroyed but not defeated.’” ― Ernest Hemingway, The Old Man and the Sea

282. “All we can know is that we know nothing. And that’s the height of human wisdom.” — Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace

283. “There is nothing like looking, if you want to find something. You certainly usually find something, if you look, but it is not always quite the something you were after.” ― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit

284. "'I wish it need not have happened in my time,' said Frodo. 'So do I,' said Gandalf, 'and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.'" ― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring

285. “I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.” ― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring

286. “If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.” ― J.R.R. Tolkien

287. “Never laugh at live dragons.” ― J.R.R. Tolkien

288. “Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.” - J.R.R. Tolkien

289. “Deserves it! I daresay he does. Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.” ― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring

290. “It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you might be swept off to.” ― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings

291. “I will not say: do not weep; for not all tears are an evil.” - J.R.R. Tolkien

292. “Do you wish me a good morning, or mean that it is a good morning whether I want it or not; or that you feel good this morning; or that it is a morning to be good on?” ― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit

293. “Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky, Seven for the Dwarf-lords in their halls of stone, Nine for Mortal Men, doomed to die, One for the Dark Lord on his dark throne. In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie. One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them. In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie.” ― J.R.R. Tolkien

294. “I am glad you are here with me. Here at the end of all things, Sam.” ― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King

295. “Courage is found in unlikely places.” ― J.R.R. Tolkien

296. “May it be a light to you in dark places, when all other lights go out.” ― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring

297. “It's the job that's never started as takes longest to finish.” ― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings

298. “Moonlight drowns out all but the brightest stars.” ― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings

299. “A children's story that can only be enjoyed by children is not a good children's story in the slightest.” ― C.S. Lewis

300. “If we find ourselves with a desire that nothing in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that we were made for another world.” ― C.S. Lewis

301. “Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art.... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival.” ― C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves

302. “I have learned now that while those who speak about one's miseries usually hurt, those who keep silence hurt more.” ― C. S. Lewis

303. "'I don't fear you.' 'Then you will die braver than most.'" - Darth Vader

304. "Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine." - Casablanca

305. "Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship." - Casablanca

306. "Here's looking at you, kid." - Casablanca

307. "It was beauty killed the beast." - King Kong

308. "Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn." — Gone With the Wind

309. "I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse." — The Godfather

310. "Once more into the breach, dear friends" - Shakespeare

311. "You're off the edge of the map, mate. Here, there be monsters" - Hector Barbossa

312. "Cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war." - Shakespeare

313. "Faber est suae quisque fortunae" - Appius Claudius Caecus

314. "To be, or not to be, that is the question." - Hamlet by William Shakespeare

315. "It was the best of times, it was the worst of times." - A Tale of Two Cities by Charles Dickens

316. "All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others." - Animal Farm by George Orwell

317. "The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." - The Apology by Plato

318. "All that glitters is not gold." - The Merchant of Venice by William Shakespeare

319. "In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." - The Book of Time by Robert Frost

320. "The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Long Walk to Freedom by Nelson Mandela

321. "It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife." - Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen

322. "I have measured out my life with coffee spoons." - The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock by T.S. Eliot

323. "So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past." - The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald

324. "It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both." - The Prince by Niccolo Machiavelli

325. "I am no bird; and no net ensnares me." - Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bronte

326. "The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places." - A Farewell to Arms by Ernest Hemingway

327. "We accept the love we think we deserve." - The Perks of Being a Wallflower by Stephen Chbosky

328. "We were the people who were not in the papers. We lived in the blank white spaces at the edges of print." - The Handmaid's Tale by Margaret Atwood

329. "It does not do well to dwell on dreams and forget to live." - Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone by J.K. Rowling

330. "To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure." - Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone by J.K. Rowling

331. "It is a far, far better thing that I do, than I have ever done; it is a far, far better rest that I go to than I have ever known." - A Tale of Two Cities by Charles Dickens

332. "Hope is a thing with feathers that perches in the soul." - "Hope" is the Thing with Feathers by Emily Dickinson

333. "We can't all and some of us don't." - The Little Prince by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry

334. "The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive." - Looking for Alaska by John Green

335. "You have bewitched me, body and soul, and I love, I love, I love you." - Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen

336. “It is a truth universally acknowledged that when one part of your life starts going okay, another falls spectacularly to pieces." - Bridget Jones's Diary by Helen Fielding

337. "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas Edison (often attributed to him, though it's actually a quote by Ralph Waldo Emerson)

338. "It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves." - Julius Caesar by William Shakespeare

339. "The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves." - Julius Caesar by William Shakespeare

340. "All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us." - The Fellowship of the Ring by J.R.R. Tolkien

341. "The most important things are the hardest things to say. They are the things you get ashamed of because words diminish them." - The Body by Stephen King

342. "Beware; for I am fearless, and therefore powerful." - Frankenstein by Mary Shelley

343. "I am haunted by humans." - The Book Thief by Markus Zusak

344. "I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing." - Moby-Dick by Herman Melville

345. "I am the master of my fate, I am the captain of my soul." - Invictus by William Ernest Henley

346. "If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals." - Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire by J.K. Rowling

347. "There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm." - The Willows by Algernon Blackwood

348. "We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars." - Lady Windermere's Fan by Oscar Wilde

349. "For what it’s worth: it’s never too late or, in my case, too early to be whoever you want to be." - The Curious Case of Benjamin Button by F. Scott Fitzgerald

350. "Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat." - Invisible Man by Ralph Ellison

351. "The only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing." - On the Road by Jack Kerouac

352. "To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." - Walden by Henry David Thoreau

353. "It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen." - 1984 by George Orwell

354. "It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages." - Friedrich Nietzsche

355. "We loved with a love that was more than love." - Annabel Lee by Edgar Allan Poe

356. "It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both." - The Prince by Niccolo Machiavelli

357. "I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be." - The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul by Douglas Adams

358. "A room without books is like a body without a soul." - Cicero (not from a specific literary work)

359. "We do not remember days, we remember moments." - Cesare Pavese

360. "The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed." - The Gunslinger by Stephen King

361. "To die will be an awfully big adventure." - Peter Pan by J.M. Barrie

362. "Don't Panic." - The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams

363. "You pierce my soul. I am half agony, half hope." - Persuasion by Jane Austen

364. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs by Walter Isaacson

365. "It is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all." - In Memoriam A.H.H. by Alfred Lord Tennyson

366. "I may be love's bitch, but at least I'm man enough to admit it." - Buffy the Vampire Slayer by Joss Whedon

367. "Carpe diem" - Seize the day.

368. "Alea iacta est" - The die is cast.

369. "Cogito, ergo sum" - I think, therefore I am.

370. "Ad astra per aspera" - To the stars through difficulties. 

371.  "In vino veritas" - In wine, there is truth.

372. "Per aspera ad astra" - Through hardships to the stars.

373. "Dum spiro, spero" - While I breathe, I hope. 

374. "Ave Imperator, morituri te salutant" - Hail Emperor, those who are about to die salute you. 

375. "Memento mori" - Remember that you will die.

376. "Tempus fugit" - Time flies.

377. "Sic transit gloria mundi" - Thus passes the glory of the world.

378.  "Deus ex machina" - God from the machine.

379. "E pluribus unum" - Out of many, one. 

380. "Ars longa, vita brevis" - Art is long, life is short. 

381. "Caveat emptor" - Let the buyer beware. 

382. “Non scholae sed vitae discimus" - We learn not for school, but for life. 

383. "Nil desperandum" - Never despair. 

384. "Incipit liber primus" - Start of book one

385. "Dulce et decorum est pro patria mori" - It is sweet and fitting to die for one's country.

386. "Solvitur ambulando" - It is solved by walking. 

387. "Audentes fortuna iuvat" - Fortune favors the bold.

388. "Amor vincit omnia" - Love conquers all.

389. "We are all the pieces of what we remember. We hold in ourselves the hopes and fears of those who love us. As long as there is love and memory, there is no true loss." - City of Heavenly Fire

390. "We are not defined by our abilities, but by the choices we make with them." - City of Glass

391. "People aren't born good or bad. Maybe they're born with tendencies either way, but it's the way you live your life that matters." - City of Ashes

392. "I don't want tea," said Clary, with muffled force. "I want to find my mother. And then I want to find out who took her in the first place, and I want to kill them." - City of Bones

393. "There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle." - City of Glass

394. "The world is a dangerous place to live; not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it." - City of Ashes

395. "Every little girl is taught that fairy tales can come true. What no one tells you is that fairy tales can also be nightmares." - City of Glass

396. "Some things are just too beautiful to be real." - City of Fallen Angels

397. "We live and breathe words. It was books that made me feel that perhaps I was not completely alone." - Clockwork Prince

398. "The mind is a powerful thing. It can take you through walls." - City of Bones

399. "To love is to destroy, and that to be loved is to be the one destroyed." - City of Bones

400. "If there's a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it." - City of Glass

401. "Every act of rebellion expresses a nostalgia for innocence and an appeal to the essence of being." - City of Ashes

402. "Fear doesn't shut you down; it wakes you up." - City of Glass

403. "It's easy to hate what you don't understand." - City of Bones

404. "The measure of love is not to be able to fly to the moon and back, but to live on Earth without fear." - Lady Midnight

405. "The real world is where the monsters are." - The Lightning Thief

406. "Even strength must bow to wisdom sometimes." - The Lightning Thief

407. "It's funny how humans can wrap their mind around things and fit them into their version of reality." - The Lightning Thief

408. "Families are messy. Immortal families are eternally messy." - The Sea of Monsters

409. "The best people are the ones who are crazy." - The Titan's Curse

410. "Names have power." - The Battle of the Labyrinth

411. "Even the strongest of opponents always has a weakness." - The Last Olympian

412. "The thing about fate, it doesn't matter what you do in life, it will always catch up with you." - The Battle of the Labyrinth

413. "The mark of a good leader, is knowing when to step down." - The Lightning Thief

414. "The way you laugh, the sound of your voice, the way you say my name - it's all a part of me and I'll never forget it." - The Battle of the Labyrinth

415. "Don't judge a hero by his size." - The Lightning Thief

416. "Deadlines just aren't real to me until I'm staring one in the face." - The Lightning Thief

417. "People are more difficult to work with than machines. And when you break a person, he can't be fixed." - The Battle of the Labyrinth

418. "Some things are better left unsaid. Like 'I'm about to die'." - The Last Olympian

419. "It's funny how humans can do that. We can see something in front of us and yet not see it at all." - The Lightning Thief

420. "I try not to think. It interferes with being nuts." - The Lightning Thief

421. "There are no good choices, just bad ones and worse ones." - The Burning Maze

422. "Libraries were full of ideas—perhaps the most dangerous and powerful of all weapons." - Throne of Glass

423. "You could rattle the stars...You could do anything, if you only dared." - Throne of Glass

424. "Once upon a time, in a land long since burned to ash, there lived a young princess who loved her kingdom." - Heir of Fire

425. "Names are not important. It's what lies inside of you that matters." - Crown of Midnight

426. "The world will be saved and remade by the dreamers." - Empire of Storms

427. "I'd walk into the burning heart of Hell itself to find you." - Crown of Midnight

428. "It was not a comfortable thing, realizing that one could be hated that much, could be hated simply for existing." - Throne of Glass

429. "Some things you hear with your ears. Others, you hear with your heart." - Tower of Dawn

430. "The best way to learn about someone is to see what they want for themselves." - Empire of Storms

431. "You cannot pick and choose what parts of her to love." - Queen of Shadows

432. "To escape death, she'd become death." - Heir of Fire

433. "We all bear scars... Mine just happen to be more visible than most." - Crown of Midnight

434. "Sometimes, the wicked will tell us things just to confuse us–to haunt our thoughts long after we've faced them." - The Assassin's Blade

435. "Once you learn to read, you will be forever free." - Throne of Glass

436. "I think you're a fairy tale. I think you're magical, and brave, and exquisite. And I hope you'll let me be in your story." - Crown of Midnight

437. "Never underestimate the power of good attire on a bad day." - Empire of Storms

438. "She was a weapon, a killer. But she would not be a pawn." - Throne of Glass

439. "If you want something enough, sometimes you can get it." - The Assassin and the Underworld

440. "I'd rather die on an adventure than live standing still." - Heir of Fire

441. "I am not a sacrifice." - Queen of Shadows

442. "Hope was a dangerous, disquieting thing, but he thought perhaps he liked it." - Throne of Glass

443. "To be brave was to love someone unconditionally, without expecting anything in return." - Queen of Shadows

444. "The world was collapsing, and the only thing that really mattered to me was that she was alive." - Heir of Fire

445. "We are not defined by the things we do in order to survive." - Empire of Storms

446. "The heart is an arrow. It demands aim to land true." - Crown of Midnight

447. "I claim you, Rowan Whitethorn. I don't care what you say and how much you protest. I claim you as my friend." - Heir of Fire

448. "Forfeit your sense of awe and the world becomes a market place." - Heir of Fire

449. "No matter how far you go, you can always trace your way back to where you began." - Throne of Glass

450. "I am selfish. I am brave." - Divergent

451. "We believe in ordinary acts of bravery, in the courage that drives one person to stand up for another." - Divergent

452. "The truth has a way of changing people's plans." - Insurgent

453. "The future is worth it. All the pain. All the tears. The future is worth the fight." - Allegiant

454. "Fear doesn't shut you down; it wakes you up." - Divergent

455. "I am not Abnegation. I am not Dauntless. I am Divergent." - Insurgent

456. "The things we do to protect ourselves always end up being the things that hurt us in the end." - Divergent

457. "I suppose a fire that burns that bright is not meant to last." - Allegiant

458. "I want to be brave, and selfless, and smart, and kind, and honest." - Divergent

459. "You can't let people scare you. You can't go your whole life trying to please everyone else." - Insurgent

460. "Everything is going to change. It's inevitable, but instead of fighting it, just go with it. Let it happen." - The Scorch Trials

461. "WICKED is good." - The Maze Runner

462. "If you ain't scared... you ain't human." - The Maze Runner

463. "You're the shuckiest shuck-faced shuck there ever was." - The Maze Runner

464. "Sometimes you don't look very hard for things you don't believe will or can happen." - The Scorch Trials

465. "Just follow the rules, you'll be okay." - The Maze Runner

466. "Hope is a dangerous thing. It can drive a man insane." - The Death Cure

467. "It's funny how some things stay the same, like the stars in the sky. But some things change, like the darkness that you carry inside you." - The Scorch Trials

468. "Don't trust anyone in this shucking place." - The Death Cure

469. "I don't want to remember. I want to live." - The Scorch Trials

470. "We're all in this together. We'll figure out a way." - The Death Cure

471. "Every question that is answered leads to a dozen new ones." - The Scorch Trials

472. "Memories can be vile. Repulsive little brutes. Like children I suppose." - The Scorch Trials

473. "You can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending." - The Death Cure

474. "I just want to sleep. Wake me up when I'm in heaven." - The Scorch Trials

475. "We can't have kids acting like kids in the Glade. Not if we want to survive." - The Maze Runner

476. "You can't be happy unless you're unhappy sometimes." - The Scorch Trials

477. "Some things are just too big to be seen; some emotions too huge to be felt." - The Scorch Trials

478. "There are no guarantees in life. We do what we can, and we take what we get." - The Death Cure

479. "They'll never take our minds. The Maze Runner spirit will always be with us." - The Death Cure

480. "I am the punishment of God. If you had not committed great sins, God would not have sent a punishment like me upon you." - Batman: Year One (1987)

481. "Criminals are a superstitious cowardly lot, so my disguise must be able to strike terror into their hearts. I must be a creature of the night, black, terrible." - Detective Comics #33 (1939)

482. "Sometimes the only way to get what you want is to be what they fear." - Batman: The Dark Knight Returns (1986)

483. "It's not the years, honey, it's the mileage." - Batman (1989)

484. "I was Robin once, but I learned how to fly." - Nightwing (1996)

485. "Being a hero isn't about being invincible. It's about fighting back when you feel like you're about to fall." - Nightwing (2016)

486. "You can't control the past, but you can control your future." - Nightwing (2016)

487. "No one is just one thing, we are all two things or more. It's the layers that make us interesting." - Nightwing (2016)

488. "Sometimes the hardest battle is against yourself." - Nightwing (2016)

489. "I'm not trying to be Batman. I'm trying to be something else, something better." - Nightwing (2016)

490. "The key to staying alive in this job is to not forget that you're human. That you feel things. That you're not invincible." - Nightwing (1996)

491. "There's a difference between being alone and being lonely." - Nightwing (2016)

492. "It's not about the mask or the suit. It's about who you are underneath all of it." - Nightwing (2016)

493. "We've all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That's who we really are." - Harry Potter and the Order of Phoenix

494. "Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?" - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows

495. "Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic." - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows

496. "It's the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more." - Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince

497. "Once a king or queen of Narnia, always a king or queen of Narnia." - The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe

498. "Things never happen the same way twice." - Prince Caspian

499. "It is good to be children sometimes, and never better than at Christmas, when its mighty Founder was a child Himself." - The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe

500. "Do not dare not to dare." - The Horse and His Boy

501. "The reason one never hears of their meetings is that nobody ever did hear them." - The Magician's Nephew

502. "There are no accidents. Our guide is Aslan, and he was there when the giant King caused the letters to be cut, and he knew already all things that would come of them." - The Silver Chair

503. "The woods are always beautiful, but especially so at night under the stars." - The Horse and His Boy

504. "You come of the Lord Adam and the Lady Eve... and that is both honour enough to erect the head of the poorest beggar, and shame enough to bow the shoulders of the greatest emperor on earth." - Prince Caspian

505. "The only thing worse than being scared is not doing what you were born to do." - Island of Silence

506. "You have to dream big in order to achieve big." - Island of Silence

507. "Art is a way to say who you are without having to speak." - The Unwanteds

508. "The best things are always worth fighting for." - Island of Legends

509. "Life is hard, and it's a battle. But if you don't fight, you don't win." - Island of Shipwrecks

510. "It's okay to be scared. It means you're about to do something really, really brave." - Island of Fire

511. "We are who we are, no matter how hard we try to be something else." - Island of Dragons

512. "Change is hard, but sometimes it's necessary to become who you're meant to be." - Island of Graves

513. "The things that make us different are the things that make us special." - Island of Silence

514. "What is life but an adventure?" - Island of Fire

515. "May the odds be ever in your favor." - The Hunger Games

516. "Fire is catching! And if we burn, you burn with us!" - Mockingjay

517. "We're fickle, stupid beings with poor memories and a great gift for self-destruction." - Catching Fire

518. "I wish I could freeze this moment, right here, right now, and live in it forever." - Catching Fire

519. "It takes ten times as long to put yourself back together as it does to fall apart." - Mockingjay

520. "I am not pretty. I am not beautiful. I am as radiant as the sun." - The Hunger Games

521. "Destroying things is much easier than making them." - The Hunger Games

522. "I always channel my emotions into my work. That way, I don't hurt anyone but myself." - Catching Fire

523. "Winning means fame and fortune. Losing means certain death." - The Hunger Games

524. "If you want to keep a secret, you must also hide it from yourself." - Mockingjay

525. "Remember, we're madly in love, so it's all right to kiss me anytime you feel like it." - The Hunger Games

526. "It is the things we love most that destroy us." - The Hunger Games

527. "I don't want to lose the boy with the bread." - The Hunger Games

528. "I don't know how to say it exactly. Only...I want to die as myself. Does that make any sense?" - Mockingjay

529. "You don't forget the face of the person who was your last hope." - The Hunger Games

530. "I'm not good at the advice. Can I interest you in a sarcastic comment?" - Friends

531. "The bird, the pin, the song, the berries, the watch, the cracker, the dress that burst into flames. I am the mockingjay. The one that survived despite the Capitol's plans. The symbol of the rebellion." - 
Mockingjay

532. "The only thing stronger than fear is hope." - The Hunger Games

533. "We're all human, aren't we? Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving." - Catching Fire

534. "The future is all around us, waiting in moments of transition, to be born in moments of revelation. No one knows the shape of that future or where it will take us. We know only that it is always born in 
pain." - Mockingjay

535. "Hope is the only thing stronger than fear." - The Hunger Games

536. "I'm still betting on you, girl on fire." - Catching Fire

537. "We're in the arena. The rules are simple. You have to fight. You have to kill. You have to survive." - The Hunger Games

538. "You know, they're not really allowed to kill you until the Games officially start." - The Hunger Games

539. "The Hunger Games are a reminder that even the strongest among us can be brought down by a single misstep." - Catching Fire

540. "I'll never let go. I promise." - Catching Fire

541. "The only way to deal with fear is to face it head-on." - The Hunger Games

542. "It takes ten times as long to put yourself back together as it does to fall apart." - Mockingjay

543. "It's not just us. It's every single person who's watching this." - Catching Fire

544. "I'm a nasty piece of work, chief. Ask anybody." - Hellblazer #1

545. "What's the point of having a bloody demonologist on retainer if I can't throw him at something big and squishy?" - Hellblazer #250

546. "Demons. Ah, they'll bugger up your life faster than a Vatican witch hunt." - Hellblazer #93

547. "We all have a beast inside us, but sometimes it takes a monster to fight a monster." - Hellblazer #273

548. "It's not like it's the end of the world... oh, wait a minute, it is." - Hellblazer #43

549. "I don't go looking for trouble. Trouble usually finds me." - Hellblazer #1

550. "I don't believe in fate. I make my own destiny." - Hellblazer #273

551. "I'm an acquired taste. Don't like me? Acquire some taste." - Hellblazer #73

552. "I don't need to outrun the demon, I just need to outrun you." - Hellblazer #42

553. "Magic doesn't make things easier, it just makes them more interesting." - Hellblazer #273

554. "I'm the best there is at what I do, but what I do isn't very nice." - Wolverine

555. "It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog." - Mark Twain

556. "Let no joyful voice be heard. Let no man look up at the sky with hope. Let this day be cursed by we who ready to wake...The kraken." - Davy Jones, Dead Man's Chest

557. “Fléctere si néqueo súperos Acheronta movebo (If I cannot move heaven, I will raise hell).” ― Virgil, The Aeneid

558. "Better to reign in hell than serve in heav’n" - John Milton, Paradise Lost

559. "Lex malla lex nulla" - a bad law is no law

560. "A good book is the precious life-blood of a master-spirit, embalmed and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life." - John Milton

561. "Who overcomes by force, hath overcome but half his foe." - John Milton

562. "Death is the golden key that opens the palace of eternity." - John Milton

563. "For who would lose, though full of pain, this intellectual being, those thoughts that wander through eternity, to perish rather, swallowed up and lost, in the wide womb of uncreated Night?" - John Milton

564. "Better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven." - John Milton

565. "Give me the liberty to know, to utter, and to argue freely according to conscience, above all liberties." - John Milton

566. "Long is the way and hard, that out of Hell leads up to light." - John Milton

568. "Awake, arise, or be forever fallen." - John Milton

569. "Sed lex dura lex" - the law is hard but it is the law

570. "Facilis descensus Averno: Noctes atque dies patet atri ianua Ditis; Sed revocare gradium superasque evadere ad auras, Hoc opus, hic labor est. (The gates of Hell are open night and day; Smooth the descent, and easy is the way: But to return, and view the cheerful skies, In this task and mighty labor lies)." - Virgil, The Aeneid

571. "I sung of Chaos and Eternal Night, Taught by the heav'nly Muse to venture down The dark descent, and up to reascend..." - John Milton, Paradise Lost